buildmanager/README.md, before:

(From the [nexusmods](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/7882) page)
## Build Manager

With this mod you can save, load and reset your builds (attributes, perks and skills) to play around with various playstyles.
**Please backup your saves and maybe take screenshots of your current build.**

## Install:
1. Install / Update [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/107) and [redscript](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/1511).
2. Download and extract the mod from here.
3. Drag the bin and r6 folders into your "Cyberpunk 2077" game folder.


## Usage:
Open the Cyber Engine Tweaks Overlay while loaded in a game save and, in the BuildManager window, create new saves or overwrite old saves, load builds or reset your current build.The little icons next to the saves open windows to show some information and to delete the save respectively.

## Uninstall:
1. Close the game and delete the "BuildManager" folders from:
`"Cyberpunk 2077\bin\x64\plugins\cyber_engine_tweaks\mods"` and
`"Cyberpunk 2077\r6\scripts"`
    
## Notes:

* Backup your saves and maybe take screenshots of your current build. This mod actively resets attributes and perk points and may cause you to not be able to use your items and skills if something goes wrong.
* If you're not seeing the Window in the Overlay, try reloading the save and exiting any menu.
* Saves are only displayed if the level you made the build on is lower or the same as your current level (might cause problems, if you're, let's say, level 45,5 and try to access a 45,8 level save, let me know if it does).

Inventory is updated on loading/resetting, so you might unequip some weapons or cyberware.
Use this mod near a ripper doc (or with the [RipperDeck](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/9302?tab=description) mod by psiberx) or your stash/wardrobe (or mods to access them in on the go).

## **Thanks to**
The people over at the [modding discord](https://discord.gg/Epkq79kd96).
The [CET team](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks/graphs/contributors) for [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks).
The people behind the [decompiled code](https://codeberg.org/adamsmasher/cyberpunk).
Especially to [psiberx](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/108159138) for the GameSession.lua from the [cet-kit](https://github.com/psiberx/cp2077-cet-kit).

Commit message:

buildman: updated readme and import_export warning

buildmanager/README.md, after:

(From the [nexusmods](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/7882) page)  
# Build Manager

With this mod you can save, load and reset your builds (attributes, perks, skills and equipment) to play around with various playstyles.
**Please backup your saves and maybe take screenshots of your current build. Also read the pinned comment for more up-to-date information.**

## Install:

- Install / Update [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/107) and [redscript](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/1511).
- Download and extract the mod from here.
- Drag the bin and r6 folders into your "Cyberpunk 2077" game folder.


## Usage:  
Open the Cyber Engine Tweaks Overlay while loaded into a game save and, in the BuildManager window, create new saves or overwrite old saves, load builds or reset your current build.   

The little icons next to the saves open windows to show some information and to delete the save respectively. 
The one in the skill tab, sets the skills back to how your character has them currently and the two in the Import/Export tab copy the URL to your clipboard and clear the URL field respectively.

## Uninstall:  
Close the game and delete the "BuildManager" folders from:
`"Cyberpunk 2077\bin\x64\plugins\cyber_engine_tweaks\mods"`
and
`"Cyberpunk 2077\r6\scripts"`

## Notes:

- Backup your saves and maybe take screenshots of your current build. This mod actively resets attributes, perk points, skills and (optionally) equipment and may cause you to not be able to use your items and skills if something goes wrong.
- If you're not seeing the Window in the Overlay, try reloading the save.
- Saves are only displayed if the level you made the build on is lower or the same as your current level (might cause problems, if you're, let's say, level 45,5 and try to access a 45,8 level save, let me know if it does).
- **Tested on 2.21**


**New:** Saves now always save your equipped cyberware, weapons and clothing (might unequip some quick usage slots).
You can now use the mod anywhere, without using the stash or a RipperDoc (although I still recommend the [RipperDeck](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/9302) mod by psiberx, just because).


## **Thanks to**
- The people over at the [modding discord](https://discord.gg/Epkq79kd96).
- The [CET team](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks/graphs/contributors) for [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks).
- The people behind the [decompiled code](https://codeberg.org/adamsmasher/cyberpunk).
- Especially to [psiberx](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/108159138) for the GameSession.lua from the [cet-kit](https://github.com/psiberx/cp2077-cet-kit).
