ultimate_spreading/README.md, before:

# Work in Progress !

## About this mod

Adds settings to increase the amount of people certain ultimate QuickHacks spread to and how far this spread reaches.

## Install:
1) Install / Update [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/107)
2) Install / Update [Native Settings UI](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/3518)
3) Download and extract the mod from here
4) Drag only the bin folder into your "Cyberpunk 2077" game folder

## Usage:
Not implemented yet.

## Uninstall:
1) Reset to Default ingame (Main or Pause Menu) under `Mods -> Ultimate Spreader`
2) Close the game and delete the "UltimateSpreader" folder from `"Cyberpunk 2077\bin\x64\plugins\cyber_engine_tweaks\mods"`

## Notes:
1) Not Tested yet
2) I Made this mod to learn a bit about modding, so expect bugs.

## Thanks to
The people over at the [modding discord](https://discord.gg/Epkq79kd96).

The [CET team](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks/graphs/contributors) for [CET](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks).

The people behind the [decompiled code](https://codeberg.org/adamsmasher/cyberpunk).

Commit message:

ultspread: change to imgui, add missing hacks

ultimate_spreading/README.md, after:

# Ultimate Spreader
## About this mod

Lets you edit every (spreadable) quick hack's spread values, such as count and range of spreads, as well as bonus jumps after spreading.
May make quick hacking even more broken than it already is.

## Install:
1) Install / Update [Cyber Engine Tweaks](https://www.nexusmods.com/cyberpunk2077/mods/107)
2) Download and extract the mod from here
3) Drag only the bin folder into your "Cyberpunk 2077" game folder

## Usage:
Open the Cyber Engine Tweaks Console and, in the Ultimate Spreader window, change the values for the specific quick hack (you can resize the window).

## Uninstall:
1) Reset to Default (button at the bottom of the window)
2) Close the game and delete the "UltimateSpreader" folder from `"Cyberpunk 2077\bin\x64\plugins\cyber_engine_tweaks\mods"`

## Notes:
1) Tested most quick hacks:
   1) A value of -1 either takes your characters value for the spread values or infinity, probably the former.
   2) You will need the Ultimate Hack Spreading Ability from specific cyberdecks to be able to spread quick hacks like System Reset.
2) I Made this mod to learn a bit about modding, so expect bugs.

## Thanks to
The people over at the [modding discord](https://discord.gg/Epkq79kd96).

The [CET team](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks/graphs/contributors) for [CET](https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks).

The people behind the [decompiled code](https://codeberg.org/adamsmasher/cyberpunk).
